March 21st, 2025
5:30pm-5:45pm (TA Meeting)
5:45pm-6:00pm (Group Meeting)
Notes:
    This week we went over a lot of the user stories and focused on the navigation part of the user stories. 

    We worked a lot on wireframes and user stories last week. We set up a discord to do meetings there and worked a lot on the project document. 

    Always upload team meeting notes into TeamMeetingLogs.txt
    Make sure to read the rubric before team meetings and complete the requirements.

    We decided to apply the google doc comments to our project and our document.
    There were no alternative options needed this week.
    We’ve discussed in our discord our preferences for what we want to work on. We have agreed on our preferences. Jeremy likes to work on backend and Estella likes to work on frontend. Carolyn, Sophie, and Celaena like to work on both frontend and backend.

    We discussed that we will each create our own branches to keep the main code secure and clean. We will discuss what user stories we want to work on next week. We have also established that multiple people can work on the same task.

        We also came to an agreement that we will each take turns taking notes. 
        Scribe order: Carolyn, Celaena, Jeremy, Estella, Sofie.

    The TA meeting was 15 minutes long. Our personal team meeting lasted 15 minutes. 

Friday April 4th, 2025
Restructure branches to be per feature rather than per person.
Add any user stories we need, even the smaller ones.
Work on a feature for next week.

This week we talked about how much we are needing to implement and how far other teams are. We also talked about the plan going forward and talked about assigning stories. We discussed how we got the main repo to work on all our local systems. 

We also talked about next week's lab and the one story that needs to be done by then and the next meeting.

We assigned each story in our personal team meeting as well. 

The TA meeting was 15 minutes long. Our personal team meeting lasted 15 minutes.

April 11th, 2025
This week we completed the positive and negative test cases for registering and logging in. The login and register pages were also fully implemented. The home page was set up and the routes for the buttons were also set up. We brefiely started on the settings and friends pages.

During the meeting we did a demo of what we had set up so far, including registering and logging in. 

Things we decided to focus on moving forward:
We should have most things implemented by Thursday's lab
Implement the dashboard and calendar
Make sure the UI is solid and cohesive
We should add some animations, like on the character

During our personal team meeting, we discussed our goals and delegated the work for the remaining features (store, timer, friends, dashboard, etc.)

The TA meeting was 15 minutes long. Our personal team meeting lasted 15 minutes.

April 18th

5:30pm-5:45pm (TA Meeting)
5:45pm-6:00pm (Group Meeting)

    - Showcased the app. 
    - Need to finalize some items and fix bugs. 
    - Make sure to get points across clearly during our presentation. 
    - Add to the project board and finish/add epics. 
    - Need presentation and full web application uploaded before thursday. 
    - Report is due a little later.

We need to work on debuging the web application, finish up stores and project board aling with the presentation slides and report.
We can hold off on the report for now and focus on the more important stuff at hand. Meet next week at 5 to finalized some things.

