Testing Plans
Register Feature (Negative Test Case) - Jeremy Chau
Test Objective: Verify that the system handles missing required fields during registration.

Test Data:
Missing Username:
Username:
Password: Ilovecoding123
Missing Password:
Username: numberonehacker
Password:

User Activity:
Navigate to the /register page
Leave either username or password blank
Enter the appropriate information for the non-blank section
Click register button

Test Environment:
Local Host: Running on a local development machine at localhost:3000
Database: Local PostgreSQL database running at localhost:5432

Expected Result:
The system should display an error message indicating that both username and password are required.
Not move the user to the login page

Test Results:
Passed
Output: Did what was intended and sent an error message

Register Feature (Positive Case) - Celaena Thomas
Test Objective: To check to make sure that on a successful registration it passes both username and password along with a 200 code and a success message.

Test Data:
Username = testuser
Password = testpass

User Activity:
	Go to the registration page, fill in both blanks as requested, and click register.

Test Environment:
	Website: localhost:3000
	Database: localhost:5432

Expected Result:
	Should display 200 and a successful registration message and move the user to the login page

Test Results:
	Displayed a 200 message along with a successful registration message. 


Login feature (negative test case)  - Sofie Ravnborg

Test objective:
 The login feature should allow valid users to authenticate to our website. If the password and username are correct the user should be able to access their account, otherwise an error message should be displayed. 

Specific test cases:
·      The test case should check for missing inputs, either missing password or username. If a user leaves password or username blank- this should display an error message.
·      The test case should check for invalid credentials, either invalid username or invalid password. If a user either leaves an invalid username or password- this should display an error message. 

Test data:
Missing username
Username: (empty)
Password: TestPassword123

Test environment:
 Website: Local host:3000
 Database: Local host:5432


Expected result:
Success Criteria:
The system should reject login attempts where the username or password is missing.
The system should display the appropriate error message 
Failure Criteria:
 If the system allows login with invalid or incomplete credentials, this would be a failure.
The system should not crash or display unexpected behavior when invalid data is entered.

Test result:
	The test passed and displayed the expected 400 status code.

Login Feature (Positive Test Case) - Estella Duong
Test Objective: Verify that the user inputs valid credentials for username and password in order to login. 

Test Data:
Username: johndoe
Passowrd: pass123

User Activity:
Navigate to /login page
Enter a valid username and password in the corresponding fields
Click the “login” button

Test Environment: 
Local Host: Running on a local development machine at localhost:3000
Database: Local PostgreSQL database running at localhost:5432

Expected result: 
The system should return a status code of 200
The response body indicating login successful
The user will be redirected to the home page and can have access to the app 

Test Results:
The test passes
Output: Returns 200 status with message showing that login was successful
